docs: new readme (#175)
ckb-js/nexus: README.md

# Nexus

![coverage](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/ckb-js/nexus)
![build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ckb-js/nexus/test.yaml)

> Nexus is an UTxO friendly wallet chrome extension for the CKB blockchain. It is designed to serve both DApp developers and end users.
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> For end users, Nexus Wallet is a browser extension that can be installed on Chrome. User can create/import a wallet, switch connected network, sign data/transaction, and interact with DApps. To download the latest version of Nexus Wallet, please head over to the [release page](https://github.com/ckb-js/nexus/releases).
> 
> For DApp developers, Nexus is a library that can be used to interact with the CKB blockchain. The instructions below can help you get started with Nexus.
> 
> ## Examples
> 
> For DApp developers, we have provided some use cases for Nexus, such as enable wallet, transfer CKBs, etc. Please check it out at the [examples directory](https://github.com/ckb-js/nexus/tree/main/examples).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nexus is a user-friendly UTxO-based wallet extension for Nervos CKB that simplifies the management of CKB assets and transactions.

## Features

- Seamless integration with various Dapps
- Secure key and password management

## Try it Out

You can download the latest wallet from the GitHub [release](https://github.com/ckb-js/nexus/releases) to try it out, and we've provided a [demo](https://demo-nexus.vercel.app/) preview of the Nexus features
```

I generated one via GPT and it looks and feels a bit simpler

Author: I used that tool also but just kept most of my own words though
